Proposal for Knative Eventing Spec Conformance Test Plan (#58)
knative/specs: specs/eventing/test-plan/README.md

# Knative Eventing Conformance Test Plan

> This document descibe a test plan for testing Knative Eventing Conformance based on the specs that can be found here: https://github.com/knative/specs/blob/main/specs/eventing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes a plan for testing Knative Eventing Conformance based on the specs that can be found here: https://github.com/knative/specs/blob/main/specs/eventing
```

> The specs are splitted into Control Plane and Data Plane tests, this document follows the same approach and further divide the tests into further subsections. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specs are split into Control Plane and Data Plane tests, this document follows the same approach and further divides the tests into further subsections. 
```

# Control Plane

https://github.com/knative/specs/blob/main/specs/eventing/control-plane.md

## Requirements: 

If you want to test conformance (**MUST, MUST NOT, REQUIRED**) you need: 
- **Prerequisites**: 
    - Knative Eventing Installed. 
    - `kubectl` access to the cluster as defined in the spec: https://github.com/knative/specs/blob/main/specs/eventing/control-plane.md#rbac-profile
    - `jq` installed

> - A Kubernetes Service that can be addresable to receive and count cloudevents that arrive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Kubernetes Service that can be addressable to receive and count CloudEvents that arrive
```

- `curl` to send CloudEvents

## Test Plan for Control Plane

> The following sections describe the test plans for the different behaviours described in the spec and each section describe tests, commands (manual steps) and outputs that will be used to evaluate conformance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections describe the test plans for the different behaviours described in the spec and each section describes tests, commands (manual steps) and outputs that will be used to evaluate conformance. 
```
